10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
De 0 a 100 y siempre con los mios
Endiamantao, se ve que estamos frios
De todos los que hablaban mierda me rio
Soy del callejon, de la Del Rio
Villa Palmeras, Santurce, P.R.
Los muchachos activos en la esquina,
Los R
Jamaica las A.k.
Las drogas, las pacas..
Cabron tu eres un schotta
Bomboclat
Putas bellacas en tacas
Por mi te la sacan
Con la Ladygun (chica plaka plaka)
Motoras sin placas
Rastas en scooters casando ratas
Por respeto y por plata
Tu no sale con nosotros
Mis panas son toh unos mostros
Por mi te borran el rostro
Aunque me muera, hay Jamby pa rato
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
Pull up in a drop with a thot
Snatch your main Hoe
Throw a hundred racks out the window
Smoking on gas shit smelling like mango
Ice on my wrist and my chain glow
Talk all that shit but they don’t know the lingo
Ain’t talking paper yo no entiendo
Tengo putas so ellas las tengo
so the bloodclot thing go
Bad bitch, JLo
Angel, halo
Perky’s, yellow
Gave me the kitty like hello
Came in this bitch with modelas
Hella thick and they love the morenos
End your life with one click like I’m Thanos
Cause I fuck you bien bueno
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene
So many girl we got
All over the world just pick the spot never see me with a thot
Any girl you see me with gotta be hot
So many girls man that is a lot
Fuck everyday, gotta get nut
Dick in the gut get my shut then i cut
Fuck good that’s why dem gal love me so much
Dem see how we working
Making money certain
Jet black maybach passing
We behind the curtain
Pull up in the merci
Dem ah beg for mercy
Dem ago dead any pussy try to thirst me
Im getting bands on the regular
Im flipping work on the cellular
Aint nothing, you telling me
I am the one to be telling ya
Bottle of henny at the helipad
All of my haters, they hella mad, cos
All of my bitches, they hella bad
yea all of my bitches they hella bad
Never listened, almost caught a case
Hundred years, is what i had to face,
Dragon in a lair, put it in a prayer,
Money for the lawyer,
In god we trust,
Waiting on my time to bust,
They know im the shit,
They heard of us
Living my life like time is right,
Just doing me, they say im hella hype!
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene,
Ni la muerte nos detiene
10 Bad Bitches in the sauna
All of my thugs on the corner
Getting money and we going up
Going up, going up
Todos los mios la tienen
Todas las putas se vienen
Muchos billetes de cienes
Ni la muerte nos detiene, ni la muerte nos detiene